_Alice and Bob, friends, are discussing the upcoming Rugby World Cup._ Alice : Bob, you will not believe what I just read! Bob : Alice, what's got you all revved up this early? Did you find a discount on those fancy rugby shirts again? Alice : Better! The Rugby World Cup 2027 build-up is officially kicking into high gear! Australia's going all out! Bob : Oh, right, 2027. So, more talk about new stadiums and… did they finally decide if the Wallabies will try to win this time? Alice : Hey! Optimism, Bob! They're investing in grassroots rugby, improving facilities, and rumour has it they're even considering a giant, inflatable rugby ball as a national monument! Bob : A giant inflatable rugby ball? Alice, are you sure you didn't accidentally read a children's book on stadium architecture? Alice : It was a very reliable source! Probably. Anyway, the excitement is palpable. Teams are already looking for their secret weapons. I heard one coach is making his players train exclusively on sandy beaches to improve agility. Bob : Sandy beaches? My secret weapon for 2027 will be a comfy sofa and a giant bag of crisps. Much less sand in my socks. Alice : That's why you're a spectator, not a prop forward! But seriously, imagine the atmosphere! The host nation always puts on such a show. Bob : True. And the rivalries will be legendary. I'm already picturing a final between, say, New Zealand and... a team of very determined kangaroos. Alice : Hilarious. But speaking of teams, who do you think will be the dark horse this time? Every RWC has one! Bob : Hmm, the dark horse. Maybe Italy? If they can just figure out how to perfectly execute a "pizza pass" during a scrum. Alice : Bob, there's no such thing as a "pizza pass"! You're making that up! Bob : Is there not? Well, there should be! Think of the strategic advantage! Anyway, I'm actually looking forward to the build-up. It's like a four-year-long countdown party. Alice : Exactly! Now, about those new shirts... I saw a limited edition design. You in? 
