Alice: Bob, did you catch any of the Fashion Weeks 2025 highlights? The stuff from Paris was _wild_!
Bob: Alice, I saw a few clips. I'm still trying to figure out if that one designer was actually sending models down the runway in inflatable hamster balls or if I just dreamed it.
Alice: (Laughing) Oh, you mean 'The Orb Collection'? That was actually supposed to represent personal space in a crowded world! A bold statement, right?
Bob: A bold _and_ impractical statement. I can barely walk in regular shoes, let alone a giant transparent bubble. What about Milan? Any wearable trends there?
Alice: Milan had some amazing sustainable tech-fabrics, really pushing the boundaries of eco-fashion. But then London came along with outfits made entirely of recycled chewing gum wrappers.
Bob: Chewing gum wrappers? Seriously? I hope they disinfected them first. That sounds... sticky.
Alice: It _looked_ sticky. But the designer said it was 'upcycled urban grit.' I thought it was pretty out-there, even for London.
Bob: "Upcycled urban grit." I'm writing that down for my next excuse not to clean my apartment. So, any actual clothes for humans? Or just performance art?
Alice: Well, New York showed a lot of futuristic casual wear – think sleek silver jumpsuits and holographic sneakers. Pretty cool, actually. You could rock a holographic sneaker, Bob!
Bob: I _might_ rock a holographic sneaker if it came with a self-tying feature. But those jumpsuits? I prefer my clothes to not make me look like I'm about to launch into orbit.
Alice: You're such a traditionalist! But seriously, the focus on AI-generated patterns was fascinating. Some of the prints totally blew my mind.
Bob: AI designing clothes... next thing you know, robots will be judging the fashion shows. Although, a robot judge might have been less confused by the chewing gum outfits.
Alice: True! But it’s exciting to see how much innovation is happening. Maybe we'll all be wearing climate-responsive outfits soon.
Bob: As long as they don't involve actual chewing gum. I just hope someone designs a pocket big enough for my phone _and_ my snacks. Now _that_ would be a highlight.
Alice: (Shakes her head, smiling) You always bring it back to snacks, Bob. But you're right, practicality might be the ultimate luxury. 
