Alice : Bob, have you been losing sleep over the AI revolution? I swear, I saw a robot barista this morning and almost spilled my coffee! Bob : Alice, I thought you were talking about our dinner plans! But yes, it's on my mind. I'm starting to worry my job as a "professional spreadsheet whisperer" might be next. Alice : Exactly! I'm half-expecting my smart speaker to tell me it's applying for my content creation role next week. "Alexa, write me a blog post about... *AI writes it instantly*... See?!" Bob : You're not wrong. The buzz is that AI is going to automate all the repetitive tasks. Like, who needs data entry clerks when you have a super- smart algorithm? Alice : And what about creative fields? Will AI write the next great novel? Or compose hit songs? I heard one generated a pop song that was actually *catchy*. Bob : Well, I hope it leaves the "human touch" jobs alone. Like therapy, or professional taste-testing for new pizza flavors. I could be a professional pizza taster! Alice : *That* sounds like a job AI would *try* to do, then declare all pizzas are equally delicious. Clearly, it doesn't understand the nuance of pepperoni versus supreme. Bob : True. But on the flip side, some people say AI will create *new* jobs we can't even imagine yet. Like "AI ethics consultant" or "robot therapist." Alice : A robot therapist? "Beep boop, how does that make you feel, unit 734?" I guess someone has to debug their existential crises. Bob : Exactly! Or "prompt engineer" – basically, someone who's really good at talking to AI to get the best results. It's like being a digital dog whisperer. Alice : So, we just need to adapt and upskill, right? Learn to *work with* the robots, not *be replaced by* them. My new career goal: Head of Human-Robot Collaboration! Bob : Sounds much better than "unemployed human." I'm thinking of taking a course in "Advanced AI Prompting for Spreadsheet Wizards." Alice : Good idea. Maybe we should start a support group: "Humans Against the Machine (But Also, We're Trying to Get Along With It)." Bob : I'd join! With free pizza, of course. We need to leverage our unique human skills – like demanding free food. Alice : Now *that's* a job AI can't do. Not yet, anyway! 
