Alice: You won't believe what I just saw on my feed, Bob!
Bob: Oh, Alice, please tell me it's not another cat video gone viral. I'm trying to work.
Alice: Worse! It's an article speculating about the *2028* presidential election candidates already!
Bob: Wait, the one we just had feels like yesterday! Are they serious? It's practically still 2024!
Alice: Apparently, the early bird gets the worm , or in this case, the early campaigner gets... well, maybe just an earlier headache.
Bob: I swear, these politicians are like reality TV stars now, constantly vying for attention. Are they already doing 'exploratory committees' from their toddlers' playpens?
Alice: Probably! I saw one headline about 'Governor Smith's potential future ambitions' – he just won re-election last year! Give the man a break!
Bob: And the fundraising! Are they sending out donation requests with next Christmas's holiday cards?
Alice: Might as well! My inbox is already bracing for the onslaught. I bet they're already focus-grouping slogan ideas. 'Make America... Even More Americaner?'
Bob: Please, no. My brain cells are still recovering from the last cycle. Can't we just enjoy a brief moment of political quiet?
Alice: Apparently not. It's like a never-ending season of a very dramatic show. You blink, and suddenly there's a new 'frontrunner ' based on a tweet.
Bob: A tweet! That's the bar now? I should tweet about running for president, just for the laughs. 'Bob for President: I promise free pizza on Tuesdays!'
Alice: You'd probably get more traction than some of these serious contenders! 'Pizza Tuesday Bob' has a nice ring to it.
Bob: See! We've just started my campaign! All I need now is a Super PAC funded by pepperoni enthusiasts.
Alice: And that, Bob, is how it starts. You're already halfway to the Oval Office , just from a lunch conversation.
Bob: Don't tempt me, Alice. The thought of campaigning for *four more years* already makes me want to nap for four more years.
Alice: Tell me about it. But hey, at least we'll have plenty of material for our 'political circus ' bingo cards, right?
Bob: True. Pass the popcorn , this is going to be a long show. 
